small wording change re: supervisor trees (#1480)
elixir-lang/elixir-lang.github.com: getting-started/mix-otp/supervisor-and-application.markdown

{:ok, #PID<0.88.0>}
```

> Let's recap what is happening. Whenever we invoke `iex -S mix`, it automatically starts our application by calling `Application.start(:kv)`, which then invokes the application callback. The application callback's job is to start a **supervision tree**. Right now, we only have a single supervisor, but sometimes another supervisor is also supervised, giving it a shape of a tree. So far, our supervisor has a single child, a `KV.Registry`, which is started with name `KV.Registry`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's recap what is happening. Whenever we invoke `iex -S mix`, it automatically starts our application by calling `Application.start(:kv)`, which then invokes the application callback. The application callback's job is to start a **supervision tree**. Right now, our supervisor has a single child named `Kv.Registry`, started with name `KV.Registry`. Our supervisor could have other children, and some of these children could be their own supervisors with their own children, leading to the so-called supervision trees.
```
